#  “Calventer (Event Calendar For IIUM’s Social Clubs)”
This project is about adding and viewing events through a certralised calendar for IIUM's Social Clubs. The name "Calventer" serves two purposes likely- An event calendar inventor and an event calendar presenter. This project is mainly based on PHP. However, CSS and Javascript has been involved as well for styling and operations. Lastly, MySQL has been used as database.

#  Development
This project has three sides (system admin, club admin and general viewers) with 2 different actions (adding and viewing). The system admin/developers will be having only the access to add and modify the whole system. On the other side, the club admin will have only the access to send their event details to the system admin in order to be added those events through system admin. Lastly, the general viewers which includes - IIUM students, IIUM visitors, IIUM alumni will be able to view only.

# Developers
This project is a Final Year Project which has been done in a group that includes me (Ridia Kashmeri) and my project partner (Nouran Ahmad Elmughrabi). My contribution mostly on PHP and database. My partner has worked mostly on Javascript and CSS. Our main motive was to dedicate and built something for our Institution- International Islamic University Malasia (IIUM). This project idea came from a real time problem that has been experienced by me and my project partner. Basically both of us are pretty much active with the social clubs which organizes different events around IIUM time to time. Their events are mostly - Talk shows, Cultural and other Formal, Informal events. As being part of those social clubs everytime we faced time clashes problem with other clubs which we discovered as one of the biggest problem to solve through this event calendar. Moroever, this problem leads the students to miss out the important events. Additionally some of them are unaware about the social clubs and also their events, backgrounds and so on. For this reason, me and my project partner has came up with the idea that why not we built a centralised system that will help both the club admins so that they don't face any time clashes problems anymore as well as others so that they don't miss out any upcoming events in the near future alongside enlightening themsleves with the clubs backgrounds, events details etc.
